README.md, before:

# BlissFeed -  [Live link]()

# Project Goals

# User Experience

## EPICs --> User Stories

### 1. 

### 2.

### 3. 

### 4.

### 5.

# Design

## Color Scheme

## Typography

## Wireframes

# Frontend

## Developer Role

## React

## React Bootstrap

# Agile

# Future Features Ideas / Improvements

# API

# Technologies

## Languages

- [HTML](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5)
- [CSS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CSS)
- [JavaScript](https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_es6.asp)
  - [JSX](https://reactjs.org/)

## Programs, libraries, frameworks and dependencies

- [Gitpod](https://gitpod.io)
  - Gitpod
- [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
  - Git
- [GitHub](https://github.com/)
  - GitHub
- [React]()
  - React
- [Axios](https://axios-http.com/docs/intro)
  - Axios
- [React Router](https://v5.reactrouter.com/web/guides/quick-start)
  - React Router
- [JWT](https://jwt.io/)
  - JWT
- [React-Bootstrap]()
  - React-Bootstrap
- [Heroku]()
  - Heroku
- [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)
  - Google fonts
- [Font Awesome]()
  - Font Awesome
- [ui.dev](https://ui.dev/amiresponsive) 
    -

# Testing

The W3C Markup Validator, W3C CSS Validator Services and ESLint were used to validate the code.

- [W3C Markup Validator](https://validator.w3.org/)
- [W3C CSS Validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/)
- An [ESLint](https://eslint.org/)

### Lighthouse

![Lighthouse]()

## Testing of implemented User Stories from User Experience (UX) section

### 1.

### 2.

### 3.

### 4.

### 5.

## Manual Testing

## Bugs

# Deployment

## Development

## Deployment

# Credits

## Code

## Content 

## Media

## Acknowledgements

Commit message:

Add introduction and project goals to readme

README.md, after:

# BlissFeed -  [Live link](https://blissfeed-pp5.herokuapp.com/)

Welcome to **BlissFeed**, the social media app designed to help you share your life and spread positivity to others. Whether you're looking to connect with friends, family, or like-minded individuals, **BlissFeed** offers a platform for you to create an account, post pictures and text, and engage with others in a fun and positive way. With full CRUD functionality, you can easily manage your content and connect with others on your terms.

The frontend application is connected to the **BlissFeed API**, a custom-built backend application built with Django REST framework and designed specifically for the **BlissFeed** application. You can find the repository for the API [here](https://github.com/Aspen92/blissfeed-drf-api).

# Project Goals

The objective of this project was to construct a website application that facilitates positive image sharing while providing essential functionalities to visitors. The website encompasses the following features:

- Basic authentication and authorization functionality.
- Intuitive navigation system for easy browsing.
- Full CRUD functionality that enables users to create, read, update and - delete posts, comments, and likes.
- Filter options that allow visitors to sort through posts, categories, and search for specific titles and authors.
- Capability to modify profile information such as bio text and images.

# User Experience

## EPICs --> User Stories

### 1. 

### 2.

### 3. 

### 4.

### 5.

# Design

## Color Scheme

## Typography

## Wireframes

# Frontend

## Developer Role

## React

## React Bootstrap

# Agile

# Future Features Ideas / Improvements

# API

# Technologies

## Languages

- [HTML](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5)
- [CSS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CSS)
- [JavaScript](https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_es6.asp)
  - [JSX](https://reactjs.org/)

## Programs, libraries, frameworks and dependencies

- [Gitpod](https://gitpod.io)
  - Gitpod
- [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
  - Git
- [GitHub](https://github.com/)
  - GitHub
- [React]()
  - React
- [Axios](https://axios-http.com/docs/intro)
  - Axios
- [React Router](https://v5.reactrouter.com/web/guides/quick-start)
  - React Router
- [JWT](https://jwt.io/)
  - JWT
- [React-Bootstrap]()
  - React-Bootstrap
- [Heroku]()
  - Heroku
- [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)
  - Google fonts
- [Font Awesome]()
  - Font Awesome
- [ui.dev](https://ui.dev/amiresponsive) 
    -

# Testing

The W3C Markup Validator, W3C CSS Validator Services and ESLint were used to validate the code.

- [W3C Markup Validator](https://validator.w3.org/)
- [W3C CSS Validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/)
- An [ESLint](https://eslint.org/)

### Lighthouse

![Lighthouse]()

## Testing of implemented User Stories from User Experience (UX) section

### 1.

### 2.

### 3.

### 4.

### 5.

## Manual Testing

## Bugs

# Deployment

## Development

## Deployment

# Credits

## Code

## Content 

## Media

## Acknowledgements
